The purpose of this project was to learn common techniques used in
so called "Modern C++" codebases, including but not limited to:

Ownership models with reference counted pointers (UniquePtr, SharedPtr, etc).

Template / Generic programming for common data structures and algorithms.

Move semantics with rvalue types.

Inheritance modeling.

Implementing a simpler alternative to STL. (Currently supports only Linux but the architecture allows for others in principle)

Concepts, used with HashTable for sensible hashing defaults for common types.

Simple build system.  Just call the build script for your platform and it's done. 
If the linker yells at you for missing a library, install it through your package manager. 
Use `./build.sh optimize` to enable optimizations.

The few minimal tests are always ran with address and undefined sanitizers enabled as part of the build step.

A few common or more recent ideas not explored deeply, if at all:

Exceptions.  They are disabled at the compiler flag level. 
While I do have serious reservations about the use of exceptions for the purpose of handling 
expected error cases (an all too common use for them in practice), 
this was ultimately decided to simplify the scope of the project.  
In principle the entire codebase is Exception Safe.

Modules.  These complicated the build system significantly and didn't
appear to address any actual problems in the architecture or development
of the project.  Compilation times are already very fast due to very conservative
use of STL, as well as a "Unity" organizational structure that keeps linking times down to a minimum.

Coroutines.

Const correctness. This may change over time.

--

I also used this as an oppertunity to integrate LLMs more deeply into the development process.
See the llm.txt file for details.

--

There is a "core" namespace that reimagines parts of the STL, as needed, as the project grew.
It's somewhat opinionated in a few ways:
	Global availablility so code files don't need to #include the bits and pieces they need.
	Folders within those directories, particularly in os, house cross-platform implementations if necessary.

The public facing api are provided as loose .hpp files under either containers, os, or misc directories.

new and delete (and friends) have been overloaded to use a simple TLSF allocator with some a/tsan integration.

Since many modern C++ features are actually exposed by the standard library (like forward and move),
these have been imported into the global namespace and treated as language keywords.

Third party libraries are included under the third_party directory.